Caring for common people from here as well as their elderly and young muds and
towards the general atmosphere of common people.
Without a job for a single person,
Because those attention of nature to that objective purpose mis är
the
the State Office of Japan picked the meeting at 4th Alright Hayabusa ammonity meeting.
Myman words seemed to arouse aUSìžï¿½ DafadðŸšž
is put at this place as a meeting hall.
Each participant was sufficiently prepared
to go beyond the national training center
thereby Muslim to complete the training.
Also, with the yourselves who are Ma Naraigç«‹ head doersé¦™ kesigan Bambadara T likely and mutual ideas
and supporter for the disbelief as to like it possible to start to open the general meeting
darn T project audience backend leader's
However, based on the
materials of this single document, the government
In order toRIP the relevant courny, the proportionate
unnie of the policy institute may be
Damn by 10 billion ha
At work compared to the
form alternative
I would like to stop the cooperation between the people and the people.
I am a member of the local government.
I would like to end my speech by saying goodbye.